Whether you're tuning hyperparameters,
or trying out different ideas for
learning algorithms, or
just trying out different options for
building your machine learning system.
You'll find that your progress will be
much faster if you have a single real
number evaluation metric that lets
you quickly tell if the new thing you
just tried is working better or
worse than your last idea.
So when teams are starting on a machine
learning project, I often recommend that
you set up a single real number
evaluation metric for your problem.
Let's look at an example.
You've heard me say before that
applied machine learning is a very
empirical process.
We often have an idea, code it up,
run the experiment to see how it did, and
then use the outcome of
the experiment to refine your ideas.
And then keep going around this loop as
you keep on improving your algorithm.
So let's say for your classifier, you
had previously built some classifier A.
And by changing the hyperparameters and
the training sets or
some other thing,
you've now trained a new classifier, B.
So one reasonable way to evaluate the
performance of your classifiers is to look
at its precision and recall.
The exact details of what's precision and
recall don't matter too much for
this example.
But briefly,
the definition of precision is,
of the examples that your
classifier recognizes as cats,
What percentage actually are cats?
So if classifier A has 95% precision,
this means that when classifier A says
something is a cat,
there's a 95% chance it really is a cat.
And recall is,
of all the images that really are cats,
what percentage were correctly
recognized by your classifier?
So what percentage of actual cats,
Are correctly recognized?
So if classifier A is 90% recall, this
means that of all of the images in, say,
your dev sets that really are cats,
classifier A accurately
pulled out 90% of them.
So don't worry too much about
the definitions of precision and recall.
It turns out that there's often
a tradeoff between precision and
recall, and you care about both.
You want that, when the classifier
says something is a cat,
there's a high chance it really is a cat.
But of all the images that are cats,
you also want it to pull a large
fraction of them as cats.
So it might be reasonable
to try to evaluate
the classifiers in terms of
its precision and its recall.
The problem with using precision recall
as your evaluation metric is that if
classifier A does better on recall,
which it does here, the classifier B does
better on precision, then you're not
sure which classifier is better.
And if you're trying out a lot of
different ideas, a lot of different
hyperparameters, you want to rather
quickly try out not just two classifiers,
but maybe a dozen classifiers and
quickly pick out the, quote, best ones,
so you can keep on iterating from there.
And with two evaluation metrics,
it is difficult to know
how to quickly pick one of the two or
quickly pick one of the ten.
So what I recommend is rather than
using two numbers, precision and
recall, to pick a classifier,
you just have to find a new evaluation
metric that combines precision and recall.
In the machine learning literature,
the standard way to combine precision and
recall is something called an F1 score.
And the details of F1 score aren't
too important, but informally,
you can think of this as the average
of precision, P, and recall, R.
Formally, the F1 score is
defined by this formula,
it's 2/ 1/P + 1/R.
And in mathematics,
this function is called the harmonic
mean of precision P and recall R.
But less formally,
you can think of this as some way
that averages precision and recall.
Only instead of taking
the arithmetic mean,
you take the harmonic mean,
which is defined by this formula.
And it has some advantages in terms
of trading off precision and recall.
But in this example,
you can then see right away that
classifier A has a better F1 score.
And assuming F1 score is a reasonable
way to combine precision and recall,
you can then quickly select
classifier A over classifier B.
So what I found for
a lot of machine learning teams is
that having a well-defined dev set,
which is how you're measuring precision
and recall, plus a single number
evaluation metric,
sometimes I'll call it single row number.
Evaluation metric allows you to
quickly tell if classifier A or
classifier B is better, and
therefore having a dev set plus single
number evaluation metric
distance to speed up iterating.
It speeds up this iterative process of
improving your machine learning algorithm.
Let's look at another example.
Let's say you're building a cat app for
cat lovers in four major geographies,
the US, China, India, and
other, the rest of the world.
And let's say that your two
classifiers achieve different errors
in data from these four
different geographies.
So algorithm A achieves 3% error on
pictures submitted by US users and so on.
So it might be reasonable
to keep track of how well
your classifiers do in these different
markets or these different geographies.
But by tracking four numbers, it's very
difficult to look at these numbers and
quickly decide if algorithm A or
algorithm B is superior.
And if you're testing a lot
of different classifiers,
then it's just difficult to look at all
these numbers and quickly pick one.
So what I recommend in this example is,
in addition to tracking your
performance in the four different
geographies, to also compute the average.
And assuming that average performance
is a reasonable single real number
evaluation metric,
by computing the average,
you can quickly tell that it looks like
algorithm C has a lowest average error.
And you might then go ahead with that one.
You have to pick an algorithm
to keep on iterating from.
So your work load machine learning
is often, you have an idea,
you implement it try it out, and
you want to know whether your idea helped.
So what was seen in this video is that
having a single number evaluation metric
can really improve your efficiency or
the efficiency of your team
in making those decisions.
Now we're not yet
done with the discussion on how to
effectively set up evaluation metrics.
In the next video,
I'm going to share with you how to set up
optimizing, as well as satisfying matrix.
So let's take a look at the next video.